[NO QA] Improve react-compiler developer experience and docs (#48078)
Expensify/App: contributingGuides/REACT_COMPILER.md

## How can I check what exactly prevents file from successful optimization or whether my fix for passing `react-compiler` actually works?

You can run a dedicated script: `react-compiler-healthcheck-test` and examine the output.  

> This command will list the files that failed to compile with details on what caused the failures. It will then save this output to `./react-compiler-output.txt` file. Read and examine the output to find what specific error the react-compiler throws.

Reviewer: Maybe let's concatenate it in a single line or add empty line between these lines? For me it's slightlhy difficult to read when lines are groupped but don't reach end of the page 😅 

<img width="1037" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02a7d669-9ffd-4103-8463-3a0978aeb76e">

If you added a modification to `SharedValue`, you'll likely encounter this error. You can ignore this error for now because the current `react-native-reanimated` API is not compatible with `react-compiler` rules. Once [this PR](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-reanimated/pull/6312) is merged, we'll rewrite the code to be compatible with `react-compiler`. Until then, you can ignore this error.

### `Existing manual memoization could not be preserved. [...]`

> These types of errors usually occur when the calls to `useMemo` that were made manually are to complex for react-compiler to understand. React compiler is still experimental so unfortunately this can happen.

Reviewer: are to**o** complex for `react-compiler`

> One of the cases can be:  

Reviewer: If we stick with `####` then I think these introduction words can be removed

> `The inferred dependencies did not match the manually specified dependencies`

Reviewer: I would make it as subtitles using `####` 

I think it'll improve readability

> This usually happens when a dependency used inside a hook is omitted. Try including the missing dependencies.  

Reviewer: Can we add an empty line between this line and line below?

// which is great because it reduces the amount of the duplicated code
```

> Another case is:  

Reviewer: Again, let's remove that introduction word and just use `####`

> `This value may be mutated later, which could cause the value to change unexpectedly`

Reviewer: Same here, I would use `####` prefix

> This usually happens when a value return from `useMemo` is later passed to some other function, and react-compiler doesn't know if the value will stay stable or be mutated.

Reviewer: react-compiler -> `react-compiler`

// which is great because it reduces the amount of the duplicated code
```

#### This value may be mutated later, which could cause the value to change unexpectedly

> This usually happens when a value return from `useMemo` is later passed to some other function, and `react-compiler` doesn't know if the value will stay stable or be mutated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This usually happens when the value returned from `useMemo` is later passed to some other function, and `react-compiler` doesn't know if the value will stay stable or be mutated.
```
